Added the functionality to reuse cache in app_runner (#70)
corva-ai/python-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

> ## [Unreleased]
> 
> ## [1.5.4] - 2022-10-19
> 
> ### Changed
> - Added the ability to `app_runner` to reuse the cache object. 

Reviewer: This is still unreleased

```suggestion
## [Unreleased]

### Changed
- Added `cache` parameter to `app_runner` to reuse the cache object. 
```

Author: Thanks ... done
